Create rule S6449 (#1235)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6449/java/rule.adoc

> Code snippets are useful for adding code examples to javadoc comments. This will help developers to better understand the usage of documented method. However, very big code snippets might be confusing and can decrease the general 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code snippets are useful for adding code examples to javadoc comments. This will help developers to better understand the usage of documented method. However, large code snippets might be confusing and can decrease the 
```
